Disperse the 'GitHub issues for BPO users' page (#1850)
python/devguide: triage/issue-tracker.rst

button in the sidebar.  Note that you are automatically subscribed to
issues you create or comment on.

Subscribe another person to the issue by tagging them in the comment with
``@username``.

How to link to file paths in the repository when writing comments?
------------------------------------------------------------------

Use Markdown links. If you link to the default GitHub path, the file
will link to the latest current version on the given branch.

You can get a permanent link to a given revision of a given file by
`pressing "y" <https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/working-with-files/using-files/getting-permanent-links-to-files>`__.

Tracking dependencies and duplicates
------------------------------------

.. XXX These no longer work, the feature has been retired.

It is possible to use `checklists`_ to track dependencies or,
in case of meta-issues, to link to the other related issues.

By writing :samp:`Duplicate of #{NNN}` in a comment, you can
`mark issues and PRs as duplicates <duplicates_>`_.

What on earth is a "mannequin"?
-------------------------------

For issues migrated to GitHub from `bpo`_ where the authors or commenters

> are not core team members, we opted not to link to their GitHub accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For old issues migrated to GitHub from `bpo`_ where the authors or commenters
were not core team members, we opted not to link to their GitHub accounts
```
